body-to-query-params-server initial commit (#14)
Osmos-io/examples: examples/body-to-query-params-server/README.md

> This very simple server is set up to turn JSON properties in the inboud request into query parameters for the outbound request.
> 
> Incoming requests shouls set the following headers (example data shown):
> 
> ```
> Outbound-Url: https://httpbin.org/post
> Query-Param-Fields: queryparam1,queryparam2
> ```
> 
> When this server receives a request with a POSt body like the example one below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This very simple server is set up to turn JSON properties in the inbound request into query parameters for the outbound request.

Incoming requests should set the following headers (example data shown):

```
Outbound-Url: https://httpbin.org/post
Query-Param-Fields: queryparam1,queryparam2
```

When this server receives a request with a POST body like the example one below:
```
